original
You think I'm marrying Zhou Yuesheng for excitement
Don't worry, you're not so generous.
I only want to marry him because I want to
Just a stinky pig killer
It's worth the wait.
Oh miss
After you were driven back to the Lin family, you were really down and out
It doesn't matter if you're down or not
What matters?
The man next to me wants to marry me
You can be small-tempered if you miss it.
But you're so close to other men
I was so angry.
Now you go away
Fuyang, what do you want to do?
Of course I took him away
I grew up with my childhood sweetheart
I can't watch him because he's angry
Marry anyone
i
Miss if you are willing to be the same as before
It's not that I can't consider you.
Fuyang, what are you talking about?
It's us who came to get the certificate today
Lin Sisi has no feelings between us
It hasn't been certified yet.
There is still a chance to choose between each other
You are talking nonsense.
Fuyang, are you lying to me?
Didn't our two families get married long ago?
The two made a marriage contract because the person was missing
Miss you
If it weren't for you
How could Fuyang say such a thing to me?